Add post-registration holder verification section to .DE article (#2003)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/domains-de.md

> [!WARNING]
> Ignoring verification requests can lead to loss of eligibility for new .DE registrations on affected contacts, domain quarantine, or deletion under DENIC policy.

## Holder verification on registered domains {#holder-verification}

DENIC can require holder verification after a .DE domain is already registered, not only at registration. This happens when the registry flags the registrant (holder) contact and asks for the holder's details to be confirmed.

> When this happens, you may receive a notice from us, or directly from the registry, stating that verification information must be provided for the holder. The domain continues to work while verification is outstanding. If the request is ignored, the registry can apply restrictive statuses that affect the domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this happens, you may receive a notice from DNSimple or directly from DENIC. **If you receive a notice from DENIC, contact DNSimple Support instead of replying to DENIC directly.** We complete holder verification with the registry on your behalf. The domain continues to work while verification is outstanding. If the request is ignored, the registry can apply restrictive statuses that affect the domain.
```

To resolve a holder verification request:

- Confirm the registrant contact on the domain is accurate, including a reachable email address and telephone number.

> - Correct any wrong or outdated details on the registrant contact.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Correct any wrong or outdated details on the registrant contact by following [Changing Domain Contacts](/articles/changing-domain-contact/).
```

> - Respond to the verification request promptly so the registry does not escalate to a restrictive status.

Reviewer 2: I think this may drive the customer to the incorrect action, as of today they are contacted directly by DENIC, they should not reach out to DENIC, they should reach out to us. So we need them to reach out to us to do the verification.

> - Respond to the verification request promptly so the registry does not escalate to a restrictive status.

Author: ```suggestion
- Write to DNSimple once the registrant contact information is correct so we can contact the registry on your behalf and avoid escalation to a restrictive status.
```
